hi I'm dee dee myers and i'm todd Purdum
and we're here talking about the results
of the west virginia primary and the
state of the presidential race what do
you think the almost heaven or far from
heaven for every claim well I think for
Howie Clinton almost heaven but I mean
really what happens now I mean she's in
this until june third she made that
pretty clear last night it doesn't seem
possible that she can mathematically
catch up with obama obama's in a strange
limbo not really able to assume the
mantle of the nominee so where do we go
from here yeah it's it does put obama in
limbo he can't quite run like the
nominee and yet he doesn't want to
continue to run against Hillary Clinton
and focus entirely on these primaries he
does want to give John McCain a free
ride but he has to be careful he doesn't
want to appear arrogant and at the same
time he doesn't want to miss an
opportunity so there never a difficult
tricky spot doesn't she have to be
careful too I mean if she goes on too
long and says things that will just help
make the case against him in the fall
that's not doing anybody any good she
seemed conspicuously not to do that last
night well she hasn't done it really all
week I think she's done back her attacks
on Obama heretic has been much more
about how she would be a better
president a better leader rayon you know
ready to be commander chief but less
focus on his flaws or false I mean in
the campaign that's gone this long don't
you sort of think that there was some
big bombshell about him that the Clinton
campaign could engineer to have dropped
it would have dropped a long time ago
yeah story they know sure if the Clinton
campaign was in charge of it but you
know things do come out but certainly
there's there isn't any there isn't even
any smoke around senator Obama let alone
fire so I I don't know what what what
the hope is but you know it does create
a I do think the other thing about last
night was that it it should show some
significant weakness on senator Obama's
part he didn't just lose he lost my 41
points and Senator clinics the point
that no Democrat since Woodrow Wilson
has lost West Virginia and won the
general election on the other hand I
don't think either campaign I mean that
Senator Obama was never really thinking
of West Virginia as a probable victory
state for him right probably and I think
it just shows you how the electoral math
gets reshuffled every decade or so and
both Democrats and Republicans have to
put together a slightly different
coalition to get the vet Matic number of
270 electoral votes what about John
McCain I mean in one level all this
fratricide among the Democrats is good
for him but it's also he's a little bit
vulnerable on a number of questions the
other day when Senator Obama said he
thought he'd lost his bearings meaning
he kind of lost his principles the
McCain campaign reacted as if Obama said
he'd lost his marbles and what somehow
too old to be president right and and i
ended up injecting the age question into
the conversation where it had been
really really sometime i had a hair
trigger about that right i mean clearly
they worried about it in fact recent
polling shows that more Americans are
willing to say they think that Senator
McCain's age is it is an issue not
necessarily disqualifying issue but an
issue than have said that Senator
Clinton's gender or senator llamas races
and issues so they're obviously
sensitive about it are eager to get
going they you know they want to engage
senator Obama they want to get out there
they want to start the general election
campaign and put them in the cooler a
little bit to waiting for the Democrats
to figure out what the heck is going on
and how do we go how do we end this and
move forward so on we go see you soon